    _______ __ __                    _______                    __
   |     __|__|  |.--.--.-----.----.|_     _|.----.-----.--.--.|  |_
   |__     |  |  ||  |  |  -__|   _|  |   |  |   _|  _  |  |  ||   _|
   |_______|__|__| \___/|_____|__|    |___|  |__| |_____|_____||____|

   Copyright 2008 - Gustav Tiger, Henrik Steen and Gustav "Gussoh" Sohtell

   This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
   it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
   the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
   (at your option) any later version.

   This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
   but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
   MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
   GNU General Public License for more details.

   You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
   along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.


What is SilverTrout?
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
SilverTrout is a IRC bot written in java published under GNU General Public
License (read the state above).

This package contains all basic functionalities and an extensive potential
with its easy implemented plugin system. It also contains some prearranged
plugins with the most common functionalities.


To build SilverTrout from source code:
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
SilverTrout and its plugins are written in Java 6.0 you will need the
Java Development Kit (JDK) to compile the source code. The latest version of
JDK may be found at Sun Microsystem’s web page:
http://java.sun.com/javase/downloads/index.jsp

To use the build system you need to have ANT intalled. The latest version of
ANT may be found at the Apache Ant's  web page:
http://ant.apache.org/bindownload.cgi

When you have installed JDK and ensured that your PATH variable is correctly
configured run the build script using ant:

  ant build


Configure SilverTrout:
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Start SilverTrout by executing the command:

  ant run

The first time SilverTrout is executed it will create a template configuration
file called config.xml and by changing this file you may customize SilverTrout
to work as you want it to.

The xml configuration file should only contain xml elements and attributes. By
looking in the template file you’ll get the grip on how the file should be
formatted.


Configure plugins:
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Some plugins have extended configuration abilities and may take input from the
configuration file. Examples:

 <plugin name="XDCCServer">
  <folder>C:\Documents and Settings\Greger\name\Skrivbord\folder</folder>
  <slots>3</slots>
 </plugin>
 <plugin name="Quizmaster">
  <channel>#quizchannel</channel>
 </plugin>
 <plugin name="AdminBoy">
  <password>mypassword</password>
 </plugin>

NOTE: If you store your config in resources/config.xml it will be copied to
the correct place and used everytime you run silvertrout. Your copy in
build/classes/config.xml will be removed each time you do 'ant clean' or
overwritten if there is a newer config.xml file in resources folder.

Start SilverTrout:
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Starting SilverTrout works the same way in every system with java capabilities.
Simply run the following command in the base directory:

  run ant


